>One of my favorite quotes is from the author Sam Harris: “Boredom is just lack of attention.” But I prefer to turn the phrase around into a positive statement that best summarizes the lesson I learned from Bill: If you pay enough attention, everything is interesting.


>“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.” — Steve Jobs. Stanford University Commencement Speech. June 12, 2005.

>When it comes time to work, don’t settle for a paycheck. Follow your passion. I know that sounds like a cliche but it’s an important lesson that, given its long term implications, you often don’t get a second chance at in life. If you are passionate about something, you will be good at it. I promise. And if you’re good at something, people will pay you good money to do what you enjoy doing in the first place.

>If, instead, you settle for a career based on how much you get compensated, I bet you will hate the experience, you will be bad at it and resent being forced to do it, and you will make mediocre money because you can’t compete effectively with those who are passionate about it. That’s a guaranteed minimum “thirty years to life” sentence of misery. Life’s too short for that.

>My advice, simplistic as it may seem, is to echo Steve Jobs and tell you to do what you are passionate about and not to worry too much about the financial aspects of the decision. We all make mistakes in life but I, for one, would rather look back fondly at all the lessons learned while trying out new experiences than remorsefully at the opportunities missed.
Every job comes with a dose of daily frustrations. Don’t run away from those problems. Run towards something you feel passionate about.

>If you are aligned with the company strategy, believe in what you are delivering to the customer, have a strong team of collaborators around you, and can’t wait to get up in the morning to go to work — then, by all means, stick around. In all likelihood, the grass is not greener on the other side. Another 10% or 20% annual compensation will not change your life. And I bet the other company has as many, if not more, problems than your present employer.

>If, on the other hand, you feel miserable every day when you go to work, if you feel you’re stuck in a rut and are not learning anything new, if you disagree with the strategic direction of the company, if you see key decisions being made for political reasons — then I guess you know what to do. Go find something you can be passionate about again.